Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#47165)
symfony/symfony: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Additionally (see https://symfony.com/releases):
 - Always add tests and ensure they pass.
 - Bug fixes must be submitted against the lowest maintained branch where they apply
   (lowest branches are regularly merged to upper ones so they get the fixes too).
 - Features and deprecations must be submitted against the latest branch.

>  - Describe, if possible, a code usage for documentation purposes.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - For new features, provide some code snippets to help understand usage.  
```

Author: I think keeping the word `documentation` is worth it, 
what about:

```suggestion
- For new features, provide some code documentation to help understand usage. 
```

Reviewer: That does not mean the same for me. "code documentation" sounds like documenting the code of the PR.

Reviewer 2: the word documentation is on L12 :)

Author: oki lets try this for now thx!
